Okay.
because i love the movie because in the movie it's a real world and a fantasy world
so i thought if i read the book maybe i can go into the
Fantasy world! haahaa
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
i don't remember how the book ends but i love the movie because that was really
That movie is really eye-opening for me, for the kids, yes.
oh i am not sure
may be third fourth grade
(***) I still watch it!
haahaa I have the DVD at home.
haahaa
yeah
ahhm
Not J.K. Rowling.
haahaa
what was that oh
Momo's good book.
I didn't like the movie, but I liked the book
yeah (***)
haahaa
(***)
(***) another (***)
Was it same author ?
Oh
yeah he was
huhhaaa
momo (***)
The movie wasn't that good, I remember. yeah
Over and over
yeah
why huhhaaaaa
never (***) That's for girls
you
haahaa
Did you go to Prince Edward Island fight again?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
yeah How was it?
haahaa
Did you meet her?
also (***)Passes wife
okay
oh
like (***)
haahaa
haahaa Like Annie.
yeah
Oh, I see.
why the novel was so
Be found for all these years by girls
Thanks.
It's a series?  no
haahaa
Oh, it's a series, okay.
Also, she grew
ahh
Okay.
oh
oooo
How old were you when you finished reading?
(***)
haahaa